otelconfig: new module as a copy of config module which is being deprecated (#6796)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Deprecated

- Deprecate `WithAttributeSetter`, `AttributeSetter`, `DefaultAttributeSetter`, `DynamoDBAttributeSetter`, `SNSAttributeSetter` in favor of `WithAttributeBuilder`, `AttributeBuilder`, `DefaultAttributeBuilder`, `DynamoDBAttributeBuilder`, `SNSAttributeBuilder` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws` (#6543)

> - Deprecate `config` package in favor of `otelconf` (#6796)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config` module in favor of `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/otelconf` (#6796)
```

> - Deprecate `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config` module in favor of `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/otelconf` (#6796)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config` module in favor of `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/otelconf`. This is the last release of this module. (#6796)
```
